a) $ git status
   On branch master
   Your branch is ahead of 'origin/master' by 1 commit.
     (use "git push" to publish your local commits)
   Changes to be committed:
     (use "git reset HEAD <file>..." to unstage)

           modified:   .gitignore

b) 5, command = "git rev-list --all --count"
c) Date:   Thu Jan 10 16:45:38 2019 -0500
d) Isolation of features during development
   Delegation of work
e) git log shows the commit logs while git status shows the status of the working tree status
f) git log Weapon.h
g) git log --grep="file"
h) Inheritance is the mechanism where one derives a class B from another class A.
 Class B shares a set of attributes and methods from class A.

i) The main difference between "Dictator and Lieutenants" workflow and the "Integration management"
workflow is that is a the Dictator and Lieutenants, the dictator has a level of management between
the Dictator who has final say in the project and decides which commits and merges are allowed.
This idea of an extra level of management can easily be extended several junior devs commiting
while a senior dev handle meges. The Integration management is more like a public repo that
accepts pulls because it does not have an organization, each new feature must be pulled
by the integration manager who decides for every feature.
j) 100 people under a "Dictator and Lieutenants" workflow will be more effective than 100 people
under "Integration management" because in the Dictator and Lieutenants workflow, the
Dictator can delegate specific tasks to Lieutenants who can delegate task to junior devs.


5) The RoleGame prototype uses both encapsulation and polymorphism. The bundling of internal data
for a generic Weapon class can be seen as encapsulating. This concept is extended even further with
the WeaponFactory class. This class also takes advantage of OOP principle, one being the idea of virtual
functions in that and class that has the same parent will have implemented a virtual function so
that it can support new classes as long as the inherit from the same parent.